We've now got everything around handling orders put together inside of our payment service.
So now our attention is going to move over to actually handling credit cards and actually billing users.
So in this video, we're going to get an overview of the API that we're going to use to eventually handle
real credit card payments coming in from our users.
All right.
So a quick diagram.
First off, we're going to start with a quick mockup of what a user is going to see in our app.
On the left hand side is a very simplified version of what a user is going to look at whenever they
take a look at an individual ticket.
So this would be a ticket that a user might want to buy.
So we're going to display the title of The Ticket and the Price.
And then right after that, we'll show a Buy Now button or something that looks very similar.
Whenever a user clicks on this, we're going to use a third party library to open up a automatic dialog
that looks like this right here.
This is going to be a dialog created by a third party library called the Stripe JS Library.
The goal of this modal dialog right here is to take in some credit card input from a user.
The user will enter in their name and then a credit card number and then submit the payment.
So this entire modal right here again is created by Stripe JS And the reason I'm saying that so much
is that what happens with this information is really important for us to understand.
At no point in time do you and I really want to directly handle credit card numbers, and that's what
this Stripe API does for us.
It removes the requirement of you and I to deal with credit card numbers directly because there are
huge security concerns with handling credit cards at any point in time.
So by having this modal window right here created by Stripe, we're essentially delegating, handling
everything related to a credit card number off to a stripe, as opposed to dealing with it ourselves.
So what happens when the user clicks on submit right there?
Well, let's take a look at another diagram and understand what happens when a user submits their credit
card number.
Okay.
So this diagram is a little bit complicated, even though it looks relatively simple in nature because
there's kind of a lot of hidden gotchas and hidden little steps inside of here.
So we're going to have running inside the browser the Stripe JS library.
That is the thing that is going to eventually create that modal window.
Users can enter in their credit card details and when they click on Submit, the Stripe JS Library is
going to take those credit card details and send them off to the Stripe API.
Now during this initial send off right here, we're essentially going to get back something called a
token.
And you should really view this token right here as kind of like an authorization.
It is something that is going to allow you and I, some developers to eventually charge that credit
card that the user just submitted for some amount of money.
The token that is received back inside the browser when those credit card details are submitted, should
be thought of as a pre authorization.
No money has been charged yet.
It is a token that allows us to do a follow up request and actually charge some real money.
The nice thing about this token is that it is a little bit more secure than handling a credit card number
directly.
It's really a kind of one time use thing where as soon as we charge some money with that token, that's
it.
We no longer have any access to the user's credit card or anything like that.
The token is going to be sent back into the browser from the Stripe API.
The Stripe JS library is again going to take that token and hand it off to you and I.
Inside of our JavaScript code that is also being executed inside the browser.
You and I are then going to take that token and submit it inside a request to our payments service.
Then inside of our payment service, you and I are going to take that token.
We're going to make sure that the user is trying to pay for some valid order.
We're going to make sure we verify the price correctly, all that kind of stuff.
And then once we decide that it's now time to charge the user's credit card.
We're going to make a request from our payment service off to the Stripe API, and we're going to include
that token.
And that's what's going to actually finalize the charge or really create a charge.
The term charge in the world of Stripe really means payment.
So whenever you see a charge, we're talking about a credit card charge or a payment of sorts.
So it's only when you and I take that token and make the final request to the Stripe API that the user's
credit card actually gets charged.
And you and I, in theory, receive some money.
Now, as we look at this diagram right here, you're going to notice that the browser component plays
well, a really big part of this entire flow.
But at this point, we have not really worked on our React application whatsoever.
All it really handles right now is the ideal of authentication.
We don't have anything around tickets or orders, let alone payments.
Does that mean we're going to go work on all the React stuff before we can come back and start to finish
up the payment service?
Well, no.
Remember, we've got these automated tests put together, so it turns out that we can actually write
a tremendous amount of this flow.
So essentially receiving that token, submitting it to the Stripe API and successfully charging a credit
card and we can implement all that stuff and test it out using automated tests with just as opposed
to having to manually test it inside the browser through the use of the Stripe JS library or anything
like that.
That's the idea.
That's what we're going to move on or start to work on moving forward.
We're going to implement some code inside the payment service to receive the token, create a charge.
And we're going to also get a little bit creative in testing this stuff as well.
So let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to create a new Stripe API key, and that's
going to allow us to make use of the Stripe API.